Add Proton Pass & password management page updates (#2459)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/passwords.md

[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden){ .card-link title="Source Code" }
[:octicons-heart-16:](https://github.com/sponsors/dani-garcia){ .card-link title=Contribute }

### Proton Pass

<div class="admonition recommendation" markdown>

![Proton Pass logo](assets/img/password-management/protonpass.svg){ align=right }

Proton Pass is an open-source, end-to-end encrypted password manager developed by Proton, the team behind the world's largest encrypted email service, Proton Mail. It securely stores your login credentials, generates unique email aliases, supports and stores passkeys, and offers a community-funded, Swiss-based service with strict data privacy laws.

[:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://proton.me/pass){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[:octicons-eye-16:](https://proton.me/pass/privacy-policy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }

> [:octicons-info-16:](https://proton.me/support/pass){ .card-link title="Documentation"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[:octicons-info-16:](https://proton.me/support/pass){ .card-link title="Documentation"}
[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/protonpass/){ .card-link title="Source Code" }
```

Reviewer: Link to the GitHub repo is from here (the link next to `(Apps)`): https://proton.me/community/open-source

<details class="downloads" markdown>
<summary>Downloads</summary>

> - [:simple-firefoxbrowser: Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/proton-pass/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [:simple-googleplay: Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=proton.android.pass&utm_source=Web&utm_medium=appbutton&utm_content=downloadpage)
- [:simple-appstore: App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/proton-pass-password-manager/id6443490629?ct=appbutton_download_page)
- [:simple-windows11: Windows](https://proton.me/pass/download)
- [:simple-firefoxbrowser: Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/proton-pass/)
```

Reviewer: Download links for the Android and iOS apps are from here: https://proton.me/pass/download

[:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://proton.me/pass){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[:octicons-eye-16:](https://proton.me/pass/privacy-policy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
[:octicons-info-16:](https://proton.me/support/pass){ .card-link title="Documentation"}
[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/protonpass/){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

<details class="downloads" markdown>
<summary>Downloads</summary>

- [:simple-googleplay: Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=proton.android.pass)
- [:simple-appstore: App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/proton-pass-password-manager/id6443490629)
- [:simple-windows11: Windows](https://proton.me/pass/download)
- [:simple-firefoxbrowser: Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/proton-pass/)
- [:simple-googlechrome: Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/proton-pass-free-password/ghmbeldphafepmbegfdlkpapadhbakde)
- [:simple-microsoftedge: Edge](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/proton-pass-free-password/ghmbeldphafepmbegfdlkpapadhbakde)
- [:octicons-globe-16: Web](https://pass.proton.me/)

</details>

</div>

> With the acquisition of SimpleLogin in April 2022, Proton has offered an "Hide My Email" that lets you create 10 aliases (free plan) or unlimited aliases (paid plans).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the acquisition of SimpleLogin in April 2022, Proton has offered a "hide-my-email" feature that lets you create 10 aliases (free plan) or unlimited aliases (paid plans).
```

Reviewer: Slight change to reflect wording from this support article from Proton: https://proton.me/support/aliases-mail

> Proton Pass currently doesn't have any "master password" functionnality, meaning that your vault is protected with your Proton's account password and 2FA/U2F (if you have enabled it, which is what we recommend, of course.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proton Pass currently doesn't have any "master password" functionality, which means that your vault is protected with the password for your Proton account and any of their supported [two factor authentication](https://proton.me/support/two-factor-authentication-2fa) methods.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we should have a preference for internal links, and that should link to the MFA knowledge base article instead?

Reviewer: That's a valid question, @jonaharagon . I used this page on the site, https://www.privacyguides.org/en/email/#account-security, as a reference for my suggestion.

Reviewer 2: 👍 if the new link previews on hover in #2451 get added to the site, those internal links will become a lot more useful at a glance anyways.

Author: [6b67c17](https://github.com/privacyguides/privacyguides.org/pull/2459/commits/6b67c1713df1f913f7081a0d968e6bf4df22f75e)

> Proton Pass's apps underwent an audit performed by Cure53 through out May and June of 2023. The security analysis company has said that "Proton Pass apps and components leave a rather positive impression in terms of securiy".  All issues were addressed and fixed shortly after the report. You can read the paper [here](https://res.cloudinary.com/dbulfrlrz/images/v1707561557/wp-pme/Cure53-proton-pass-20230717/Cure53-proton-pass-20230717.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Proton Pass mobile apps and browser extension underwent an audit performed by Cure53 throughout May and June of 2023. The security analysis company concluded:

> Proton Pass apps and components leave a rather positive impression in terms of security.

All issues were addressed and fixed shortly after the [report](https://res.cloudinary.com/dbulfrlrz/images/v1707561557/wp-pme/Cure53-proton-pass-20230717/Cure53-proton-pass-20230717.pdf).
```

Reviewer: Changed the quote from Cure53 to a block quote to match formatting of audits elsewhere on the site. For example, https://www.privacyguides.org/en/vpn/?h=audit#independently-audited_2

Author: Thanks again!

> Proton Pass has an desktop application for Windows but not for macOS and Linux, they should all be coming soon.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this line is necessary since the "Downloads" toggle already lists all available downloads.

Author: You're right. Will remove that part soon.

[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden){ .card-link title="Source Code" }
[:octicons-heart-16:](https://github.com/sponsors/dani-garcia){ .card-link title=Contribute }

### Proton Pass

<div class="admonition recommendation" markdown>

![Proton Pass logo](assets/img/password-management/protonpass.svg){ align=right }

> Proton Pass is an open-source, end-to-end encrypted password manager developed by Proton, the team behind the world's largest encrypted email service, Proton Mail. It securely stores your login credentials, generates unique email aliases, supports and stores passkeys, and offers a community-funded, Swiss-based service with strict data privacy laws.

Reviewer 3: This could just say 'the team behind Proton Mail' - but perhaps thats a bit bland.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proton Pass is an open-source, end-to-end encrypted password manager developed by Proton, the team behind [Proton Mail](email.md#proton-mail). It securely stores your login credentials, generates unique email aliases, supports and stores passkeys, and offers a community-funded, Swiss-based service with strict data privacy laws.
```

[:octicons-info-16:](https://proton.me/support/pass){ .card-link title="Documentation"}
[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/protonpass/){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

<details class="downloads" markdown>
<summary>Downloads</summary>

- [:simple-googleplay: Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=proton.android.pass)
- [:simple-appstore: App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/proton-pass-password-manager/id6443490629)
- [:simple-windows11: Windows](https://proton.me/pass/download)
- [:simple-firefoxbrowser: Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/proton-pass/)
- [:simple-googlechrome: Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/proton-pass-free-password/ghmbeldphafepmbegfdlkpapadhbakde)
- [:simple-microsoftedge: Edge](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/proton-pass-free-password/ghmbeldphafepmbegfdlkpapadhbakde)
- [:octicons-globe-16: Web](https://pass.proton.me/)

</details>

</div>

With the acquisition of SimpleLogin in April 2022, Proton has offered a "hide-my-email" feature that lets you create 10 aliases (free plan) or unlimited aliases (paid plans).

> Proton Pass currently doesn't have any "master password" functionality, which means that your vault is protected with the password for your Proton account and any of their supported [two factor authentication](https://www.privacyguides.org/basics/multi-factor-authentication/) methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proton Pass currently doesn't have any "master password" functionality, which means that your vault is protected with the password for your Proton account and any of their supported [two factor authentication](basics/multi-factor-authentication.md) methods.
```
